add healthcheck notification deprecation (#1529)
cloudflare/terraform-provider-cloudflare: .changelog/1529.txt

```release-note:note

> resource/cloudflare_healthcheck: notification_suspended and notification_email_addresses attributes are being deprecated in favor of cloudflare_notification_policy resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
resource/cloudflare_healthcheck: `notification_suspended` and `notification_email_addresses` attributes are being deprecated in favour of `cloudflare_notification_policy` resource instead.
```
